before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    False
after while True
before while True    True
after while False
